Add grid splitter docs (#992)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/gridsplitter/styling.md

---
title: Styling
page_title: .NET MAUI GridSplitter Documentation - Styling
description: Set the border, background, and gripper color of the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI GridSplitter and customize its visual appearance.
position: 4
slug: gridsplitter-styling
---

# .NET MAUI GridSplitter Styling

> The GridSplitter allows you to customize its look using the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GridSplitter control offers a range of styling options, allowing you to customize its appearance and adjust its visual states for different user interactions.

The GridSplitter allows you to customize its look using the following properties:
```

Reviewer: Consider adding an introductory sentence before jumping to the properties.

* `BackgroundColor` (`Color`)&mdash;Specifies the background color of the control.
* `Background` (`Brush`)&mdash;Specifies the background brush of the control.
* `BorderColor` (`Color`)&mdash;Specifies the border color of the control.
* `BorderBrush` (`Brush`)&mdash;Specifies the border brush of the control.
* `BorderThickness` (`Thickness`)&mdash;Specifies the border thickness of the control.
* `CornerRadius` (`Thickness`)&mdash;Specifies the border corner radius of the control.
* `ContentPadding` (`Thickness`)&mdash;Specifies the padding of the content in the control.

> In addition you can style the gripper by using the `GripperColor` (`Color`) property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, you can style the gripper by using the `GripperColor` (`Color`) property.
```

## Visual States

> You can use visual states to change the appearance of the control based on its state-such as when it's disabled and hovered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use visual states to change the appearance of the control based on its state, for example, when it's disabled and hovered.
```

The GridSplitter provides the following CommonStates visual states:

* `Normal`&mdash;Applies when the GridSplitter is in normal state.
* `MouseOver`&mdash;Applies when the mouse pointer is over the GridSplitter.
* `Disabled`&mdash;Applies when the GridSplitter is disabled.

> This is the result of visual states applied:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the result of applying the visual states:
```

![.NET MAUI GrdiSplitter Styling](images/gridsplitter-styling.gif)

## Example

> Here is an example how to style the GridSplitter control and use the visual states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of how to style the GridSplitter control and use the visual states.
```
